Mgt/localization + right-to-left (#10569)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/customize-components/right-to-left.md

---
title: "Right-to-left (rtl) support with the Microsoft Graph Toolkit"
description: "Right-to-left (rtl) support in the Microsoft Graph Toolkit components"
localization_priority: Normal
author: vogtn
---

# Display Microsoft Graph Toolkit components right-to-left (rtl)

The Microsoft Graph Toolkit components support bi-directional markup for right-to-left language scripts.

> Implementation relies on the usage of the `dir` attribute which must be implemented in the document structure [w3 spec standard](https://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-bidi-css-markup#detail), Specific the `body` or `html` tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the direction of all components on the page, set the `dir` attribute on the document `html` or `body` tag to `rtl`, as shown in these examples:
```
